I don't want to meet the former VP
You still have the face to say
If it weren't for your self-righteousness
How could our family be fined 300 million?
I have understood clearly
Although Dingsheng Group did not join the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
But the assets are tens of billions
And a company that makes a great fortune quietly
If you marry the former vice president
Our Tian family can not only get through this difficult time
Maybe even better.
Mom
Zuo Jingjun just died
You let me marry someone else
I wasn't married that day.
What's wrong with marrying someone else?
Stop talking nonsense and go
Qi Tian, don't offend me with that Qi Tian
If not for him
How could our family betray Sonny?
You see
It's that bastard
Deceiving you shouldn't have followed me here, right?
Miss Ye put away your money
I'm here on business
You are nothing but bragging
And deception
What else do you know?
I see you.
Just deliberately following us four nights?
Take revenge on our Tian family
If I want revenge
Don't let you hand over 3 billion room
Let you add bankruptcy
But only 10%.
It's because Wei Zhong is looking in front of me
You will be severely punished
According to you
We Tian family still have to thank you, right?
City Lord Qi Tianwei is handling it impartially.
Don't put gold on your face
You have to wait.
Otherwise, just bother me.
Go back, Dingsheng Group won't help you.